=Generation to Generation=
=Episode 30=
Young Master,
this time,
Miss Cai took seven lashes
of the Python Whip.
Though her life is not in danger,
such wounds
require time to heal.
Lord Qi has also placed Miss Cai
under confinement
in the Realm Cavern
of Thousandfold Cliff,
punishing her to reflect for a year.
During this year,
only Song Yuzhi
may enter and leave
to look after her.
If it's him,
he'll surely care for her
with utmost devotion.
Young Master,
you and Miss Cai...
From now on,
we go our separate ways.
From this day forward,
no one in the sect is
to speak of her again.
Yes.
Take
this luminous pearl.
You're afraid of the dark.
With it,
you can at least sleep peacefully.
Zhao,
it's time to eat.
Yuzhi, you're early today.
I'm not hungry yet.
It's back to you.
True.
What if I run out of money again?
The Python Whip wounds
will only heal slowly.
Zhao, you must be careful as well.
I'm fine.
As long as I don't move,
it doesn't hurt.
This was sent by Lord Zhou.
It relieves pain and promotes healing.
I injured Uncle Zhou before.
Yet he still worries about me.
Lord Zhou knows you didn't mean it.
He said his injuries are
nothing serious.
Uncle Zhou wants to ask
about Aunt and Mu Zhengyang, right?
Aunt did once care for Mu Zhengyang.
But after his death,
she never
spoke another word of it.
She must've let it go.
There is nothing more to say.
Her longing faded just like that.
Ms. Cai was carefree,
but
their paths diverged,
so it was a fleeting dream.
Yuzhi,
next time you visit,
bring me some paper and ink.
Sure.
Why suddenly decide to leave?
I've thought about it for a long time.
I used to be immature.
From now on,
I want to become a daughter
whom you're proud of.
I never understood before
why you cared more
for the people of Luoying Valley
than for me.
Was it because my martial arts
were poor,
or because
you didn't care for Mother?
But now, I understand.
As leader of the Six Sects,
you must place the greater good first.
You can't focus only on family.
Ms. Cai sacrificed herself
for the Six Sects.
If you didn't care for her family,
wouldn't that chill the hearts of all?
As your daughter,
I should ease his burdens.
Yet instead, I grew jealous
and caused trouble.
I was truly wrong.
All these years,
I've indeed neglected you.
In my heart,
I feel guilt.
It's my problem.
(Pillar of Jianghu)
I know my aptitude is poor.
It's hard for me to achieve much
in martial arts.
But as a member of the Six Sects,
I can't hide on this mountain
just because I can't fight.
This time,
I wish to follow Ms. Cai's example,
uphold justice,
and bring glory to the Six Sects.
I don't wish you to become like Ms. Cai.
Jianghu is dangerous.
I only hope
you can live this life in peace and joy
by my side.
So, you do care for me.
Then I must not remain weak and useless.
Ever since Zhao was confined,
Qingque Sect hasn't been as lively.
Is she any better?
Seven lashes of the Python Whip.
Injuries to sinew and bone
don't heal so quickly.
It's good enough that she's awakened.
We just sold the first batch
of golden silk armor.
These insect repellent samples
must be sent down asap.
There's still much unfinished business
waiting for Zhao.
Enough.
We haven't even practiced,
yet we are all helping you.
And you keep talking about Zhao.
Enough of that. Let's go.
Lingbo,
Fan is doing this for everyone.
Master donated the money
left by Lord Yin
to Jiangdong
and waived the fees for outer disciples.
If not for Fan managing things,
the sect wouldn't be running.
Just doing my duty.
My duty.
If Zhao hadn't been confined,
we wouldn't be so short of funds.
She's clever and full of ideas.
You've mentioned her confinement
countless times today.
With that time,
you might as well send the samples down.
I'll go.
After years of study,
it's time to gain experience.
You truly plan to go down?
Then be careful.
Help me open a few new trade routes.
Fengchi, you...
Lingbo,
I've thought it through.
Only by aiming high
and becoming capable
can I stand by your side to protect you
and keep you safe.
This is Hui's paper.
The ink will last longer.
If it's not enough, tell me.
I'll buy more.
You bring paper every three days.
This is enough to last for two years.
If sect affairs are busy,
you need not come so often.
It's no trouble.
Master has confined me for a year.
Though it seems harsh and heartless,
I know
he is calming the storm for me.
During this time,
I can write down
my thoughts and records.
When I emerge next year,
I'll be a heroine once more.
Master always praises you
for your quick mind.
You truly understand his intentions.
Yuzhi,
do you know what kind of storybook
I intend to write?
You must want to write about Miss Cai,
Uncle Guo,
and my grandfather.
As for Lord Yin,
I won't write any flattering words.
If it's true,
why not?
Yuzhi,
you're a true gentleman.
A few days ago, Lingbo sent word back.
In her letter,
she wrote of all she saw and heard
with Fengchi.
It sounded carefree and delightful.
Lingbo has finally
faced her heart.
Yuzhi, do you know why I wish to leave?
Because I dislike Cai Zhao.
I dislike that she cares about nothing.
I dislike that she took
your and Father's favor.
I dislike that however I bullied her,
she never took it to heart.
I also dislike
that she could go alone for medicine.
I dislike that she saw at a glance
that Father was fake.
I dislike that knowing Mu Qingyan
is the Chief of the demonic sect,
she still saved him without hesitation.
How can she be like that?
How can she be so unrestrained
and free?
Lingbo,
you needn't compare yourself to her.
Yuzhi,
I didn't understand before.
But now I do.
I don't dislike her.
I envy her.
The world is vast.
One should live more freely.
So,
I'll do whatever I wish to do.
Yuzhi,
you are too calm and restrained.
That's why you are overshadowed
by Mu Qingyan.
In this life,
one should live for oneself.
The world is vast.
Live by your heart.
(The world is vast.)
(Live by your heart.)
Lingbo's story
can become another storybook.
Lingbo's courage
has made Fengchi courageous too.
If only one person is brave,
it's likely useless.
Thank you for saving my life.
Sit.
Why did Yu Hui want to kill you?
Fengge,
it was thanks to you again.
You killed the Chief.
His followers won't spare you.
What are your plans?
Once I find the one behind Nie Zhe,
Li Sect is nothing to fear.
Nie Zhe reached this point
because of him.
He manipulated Nie
to refine corpse slaves
and provoke the Six Sects.
Yu,
you must not follow Nie Zhe's path.
Fengge,
I'm hungry.
Find some food.
When I returned with food,
someone else was inside.
As long as you help me kill Mu Qingyan
and avenge them,
I'll do anything.
Who is there?
You know what to do.
Yu.
You...
why?
The Demonic Camp
is gone.
You are of no use to me now.
Fengge,
I'll remember you.
He didn't know
my heart is distinctive.
It's on the other side.
This stab can't take my life.
Master once told me
that however much you like someone,
some secrets
must never be revealed.
I didn't expect
those words to save me.
Did you see the man in black's face?
He wore a mask.
His voice was deep.
His martial arts were unfathomable.
What he seeks
is far more than Li Sect.
Before, I was used by schemers,
aiding evil.
I nearly let Li Sect
fall into the villains' hands.
I have shamed Master's teachings.
From this day forth,
I pledge loyalty to you,
to protect Li Sect
and avenge myself.
Rise.
Pay closer attention
to those around you.
I believe
that without the Sevens Pill,
your subordinates wouldn't betray you.
Without testing,
you can still have
subordinates loyal to you.
Young Master.
I trust you.
(Without the Jade Sunflower,)
(no progress in the Ziwei Method.)
He retrieved the saliva with my aunt
and knew about the Jade Sunflower.
He approached her with ulterior motives.
(Did Mu Zhengyang practice
the Ziwei Method as well?)
The wedding begins.
Congratulations!
Lay the carpets!
Love begins prosperously!
May you live in harmony
and share old age together!
Congratulations!
The newlyweds kneel.
First bow.
Second bow.
Third bow.
Rise.
The couple bows to each other.
Thank the Young Master.
A gift.
Thanks, Young Master.
Young Master,
you gave Master You such a grand gift.
When I married...
Come on.
You've married twice.
Do you expect the Young Master
to send two gifts?
Honey.
The ceremony is complete.
- Congratulations.
Smiley.
How did you know I wanted to eat Smiley?
It was sent from the Hanhai Mountains.
I heard they've been holding a wedding.
A wedding?
Master You insisted I deliver it to you.
Xing did us a favor after all.
We can't refuse her wedding sweets.
So, it's You Guanyue and Xing's wedding.
So sweet.
Zhao.
- I...
- Yuzhi,
my ink is almost gone.
I...
I'll buy you more.
Then thank you, Yuzhi.
I've thought it through.
From this round of bookshop earnings,
I'll give you 20%.
Then you should focus on writing.
I'll take my leave.
Goodbye.
You want to ask about Zhengyang?
After that,
we only met that one time.
That night,
Zhengyang kept speaking of Pingshu,
who was Ms. Cai.
He said Ms. Cai was so good.
He was truly happy that night,
saying we'd live good days ahead,
and told me to take care.
Take care of what?
He was the one who should stop
risking his life in places
like the snow mountains.
Other than the snow mountains,
did he mention
any other places he had been?
Other places?
Uncle Lei,
what do you need with me?
How
has Zhao been lately?
Do you miss her?
Have you two made any progress?
Zhao was injured
and confined.
She writes storybooks to ease her mood.
Being able to proofread her manuscripts
is enough for me.
During this year,
you're the only one who can be with her.
And you only proofread?
What do you mean?
Your generation
has nearly been ruined
by so-called propriety.
Your father may be reckless,
but at least he has boldness.
When it's time to act, he acts.
Once her year of confinement ends,
Zhao will return to Luoying Valley.
You'll have no chance.
(Right the ways of Jianghu;
clear my name)
How is it?
Not bad.
It's done!
Hurry and tell Xingjia.
Have him inform Uncle Wordsmith
to prepare for printing.
Zhao,
I have something to say.
What is it, Yuzhi?
In a few days,
my brother will marry
Miss Yang of Siqi Sect.
I must return to Guangtian Sect.
Xiaolan
is truly marrying your brother?
Zhao,
do you want to go with me?
A few days ago, Han wrote to say
he's taken a liking
to knocking wooden fish
and wants to become a monk.
So?
So,
the family line of Luoying Valley
depends on me.
Yuzhi, are you willing
to marry into my family?
I'm willing.
The child must take my surname.
You're willing to accept that?
I'm willing.
But I'm not.
Yuzhi, you are wonderful.
Guangtian Sect is prominent.
It's indeed a good match.
But...
I'm not Mu Qingyan.
You are not Mu Qingyan,
nor need you become him.
When I was little,
there was a toy I loved dearly.
One day, I lost it by accident.
My parents bought me many toys
to cheer me up.
Some were even better
than the first one.
But I didn't want them.
Because
I couldn't love them
the way I loved the first.
Yuzhi,
I'm sorry.
I can't replace your first toy.
But what if one day,
you no longer long for that toy
and need a sword instead?
Yuzhi...
Zhao,
we still have time.
I can wait.
What should we do?
Lingbo,
you go.
I'll hold them off.
If we fight, we fight together.
I won't leave you alone.
Go.
Go!
I won't.
I won't!
If you die,
there is no meaning for me to live.
I want us to be together forever.
All right.
We will be together forever.
Lingbo's letter said
someone from Huangsha Gang
went missing.
She and Fengchi went to help search.
But those missing people
suddenly went mad and attacked them.
From her description,
they were surely corpse slaves.
How is Lingbo?
Fengchi protected her with his life.
They escaped only when Mr. Song Xiuzhi
arrived with men.
Master,
after Mu Qingyan became the Chief,
he forbade refining corpse slaves.
By logic,
they should not reappear.
Perhaps it's deceit.
The demonic sect has done it before.
This matter
is too strange.
I must go in person.
Yuzhi,
remain at Qingque Sect.
Yes.
I'm out.
Congrats on completing confinement!
Xingjia,
after a year apart,
you've grown plumper.
I've labored for the sect's livelihood.
I've clearly slimmed down.
The Shanci Mushrooms
and orchids you brought back
have all been planted
in the herbal field.
I only planted them for fun.
Who knew
they would prove useful?
After three days and nights of refining,
I've finally
produced
this
Invincible
Corpse Breaker.
Xingjia, that name is truly...
Amazing.
I think so too.
Can it truly cure corpse slaves?
As long as the poison is not deep,
they'll recover at once.
Once Master finds their whereabouts,
we can save everyone.
Corpse slaves move in secrecy.
Master has no news yet.
Nie Zhe is dead.
Could these corpse slaves
be the work of the man in black?
I think
he likely knows
how to refine them.
In fact, this past year,
Master asked me to investigate
members of the Six Sects,
including Uncle Li.
But I found nothing unusual.
The man in black seems
to have vanished into thin air.
If he's behind the corpse slaves,
what does he want?
At the very least,
they wouldn't appear at Guangtian Sect
without reason.
Where's this carrier pigeon from?
I worried for Father's safety
and wrote home.
This must be the reply.
Something's wrong.
Father is in secluded cultivation.
All is well in the sect.
What's wrong?
With corpse slaves reappearing,
how can Father remain
in seclusion?
I must return to Guangtian Sect.
I'll go with you.
I feel this matter
is linked to the man in black.
Perhaps
this is our chance to catch him.
My year of confinement has ended.
Let's depart at once.
All right.
Other than the snow mountains,
did he mention
any other places he had been?
Vaguely,
something about Blood...
Marsh Forest?
(Guangtian Sect, Blood Marsh Forest)
Young Master,
near Guangtian Sect,
corpse slaves have appeared.
Also,
Miss Cai has left Qingque Sect.
Her year of confinement has ended.
It's time for her to return
to Luoying Valley.
Miss Cai
went to Guangtian Sect with Song Yuzhi.
Not my business.
(Blood Marsh Forest)
(Guangtian Sect)
(Timely Chamber)
Xiuzhi.
Yuzhi,
why are you back?
What's wrong?
What happened?
I must see Father.
Do not enter.
I must see him.
Xiuzhi, you are injured.
I hurt myself while practicing.
Xiuzhi,
what is going on?
Is it related to the corpse slaves?
Master Xiuzhi.
Master Yuzhi,
you're back.
The Huangsha Gang
has summoned Lord Yang of Siqi Sect.
Go take a look.
Let's go together.
(Timely Chamber)
Uncle Song,
though the Huangsha Gang is weak,
my father-in-law never bullied
the weak in decades.
As long as he had breath,
he aided those in peril.
Who would've thought
he'd die at the hands of his mates?
Senior,
please uphold justice for him.
Mr. Huang was upright.
If he suffered injustice,
we will seek justice.
Who is he?
He is Father's cousin,
my grand uncle.
He holds the highest seniority
in my family.
Lord Yang.
Why hasn't Song Shijun come?
Father is in seclusion.
I'm temporarily in charge.
Whatever you wish to say,
speak to me.
In seclusion?
Is he truly unable to come out
or too guilty to appear?
Mind your words.
What guilt does my father bear?
Very well.
Then, before everyone,
I'll speak plainly.
My father-in-law,
Leader Huang of Huangsha Gang,
retired from Jianghu years ago
and lived quietly with his family.
Yet Song Shijun
coveted the secrecy
of his mountain retreat
to refine corpse slaves.
When my father-in-law discovered this,
Song Shijun silenced them all,
slaughtering the old and young
of the gang.
Lord Yang,
words alone are not proof.
Do you have evidence?
After the massacre,
I examined the sword wounds.
All died by Guangtian sword moves.
The Six Sects are allies.
We share knowledge.
Imitating Guangtian sword marks
is not difficult.
Of course,
I wouldn't accuse lightly
based on sword moves alone.
But Song Shijun slipped once
and left a survivor.
Sha Tian'er,
show them your wound.
All know
Lord Song's sword moves are unique.
The wounds are unseen at first,
and later,
the scar blooms like a flower.
Senior, please examine it.
Indeed,
it's a wound from Shijun's sword.
What proof is that?
Everyone knows
his sword style is ornate.
Though flashy,
it's not hard
to learn.
Cai Zhao,
this is not your place to speak.
If we speak of fairness,
anyone may speak.
I arrived just in time.
How could I not join?
Sha Tian'er,
tell us
how Lord Song wounded you.
My master, Leader Huang,
heard villagers were disappearing.
We learned
remnants of the Nie faction
had sought refuge at Guangtian Sect
and offered
the method to refine corpse slaves
to Song Shijun.
When the secret leaked,
he slaughtered the Huangsha Gang
to conceal it.
I survived
only by feigning death.
That is only your word.
Song Shijun even hurt
his own son.
Isn't that proof?
No.
Xiuzhi,
what happened?
Was it truly Father?
It was not Father.
I'll answer for him.
Xiuzhi
saved Miss Qi and Mr. Dai
from corpse slaves
and uncovered
Song Shijun's plot.
Song Shijun forced Xiuzhi to hide it,
but Xiuzhi refused,
so Song Shijun tried to silence him.
I wondered why sounds
of fighting came from his chamber.
I see.
What misfortune.
Xiuzhi,
is this true?
Uncle Pang,
you tell us.
I don't know.
When I returned,
I saw Master Xiuzhi
fighting the Lord.
After that,
the Lord entered seclusion.
Yuzhi,
Father had a momentary lapse.
Do not blame him.
Father,
why have you come out?
Father.
Song Shijun,
I want you to pay with blood!
=Generation to Generation=
♪The breeze is gentle,
and spring is fair♪
♪I roam the rivers and hills
in the martial world♪
♪With a shining cup,
I drink with delight tonight♪
♪Free to wander in the world♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I rest beneath the stars' soft gleam♪
♪The night is calm, still as a stream♪
♪It washes away all judgment and scheme♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪